yeah Enzo an exotic you initially and
you know they've brought you are here
how did that go well initially was
pretty excited I mean I never heard of
it before it out thanks to like okay
cool you know this could be pretty easy
thing to try out and see where it goes
you know just feel like any other
start-up endeavor put out something see
what happens if so you know I decide to
get a fair shot put together my first
course which is on MapReduce them and
they helped me you know sort of stay on
target stay on schedule and gave me some
general guidance we can talk more about
what that guidance once in a bit
yeah you know when I got to the point
where I was finally done and I watched
it really great congratulations you want
your good job and then you know few
weeks go by and just kind of trickling
in still a writer like so who do you
have a you can contact us if you let
alone no not really relevant to the
course but it ok if there was anything
you can do to promote the course I mean
you have to be working directly people
on the forums on Facebook probably heard
legends of the chosen you and you can
actually get special promotional help
communities there stands with that was
well we need some social group to get
some reviews like your course then never
heard from them again until it back to
that and that's what I wanted to hear
about this is in the loop again with you
to me and he is gonna be sharing some
insider tips at the UK's he has had
conversations with me but what happened
here is you to me so I him on this
online platform in so they made an
assumption about 200 this guy's got an
audience with some digital products here
and so let's bring him to you to be so
he can bring more those people and when
they found out that he didn't have
mailing list and they kinda wins a
little bit cool like oh well
yeah we're gonna need to develop a
little bit more social proof here in so
was the situation that here you know
we've got somebody who's gonna be able
to bring some students cool I've got
this platform this gonna back me up and
bring me some students and so you know
when things actually went live it turns
out they're like oh wow you mean you
don't have any student you know they're
looking at each other
Frank didn't quit you know you cooled
off a little bit in Frankton bail as
well that was a mistake so so what did
you do when you left off oh gee I guess
shuttling all these
yeah I mean initially went through the
you know seven stages of grief or
whatever but you know what I gave up to
take some time or the search engine
algorithms to kick in and actually make
a course discoverable at all and then
you have soared this happens the use of
course even more reviews and you know I
like being in this wonderful flywheel
never point a couple of weeks started
taking this course so I decided double
down on it and see if I can you know
make it into something even beer in a
way I did that was by creating a brief
Peter course let people into this course
I had my five hour payday course for you
and then I created a more general one
hour a day at a very high level overview
of all things Big Data related and at
the end I had a bonus lecture that say
he liked my teaching style and more
coupon code and initially it was very
important sort of like getting a little
jump start my paper is on every used to
grow in further yeah we'll get to that
question is a good question mark he's
asked about how many of your feast is
converted to paying students so we'll
we'll make sure we come back to that but
when I do want to highlight here is
kind of an interesting way that he's not
the only one we take a break and then he
realized that I'm gonna try this
strategy getting her course that's gonna
be a free course as opposed to like
starting out of course he started
overpaid course and then later on
decided let me add three quarters and
that's a question that people have a lot
of times in the studio course out there
to get listed is paid and whether or not
they have any purchase that are not but
certainly when they've got students who
purchased it but maybe not as many as
they wanted to have the chorus they
start asking questions like wow
in the problem is particularly once
you've had your gonna be pretty upset if
you take a course that they paid for it
and make it three if it's free and even
if you don't have the patience you can
put yourself in a very awkward position
buddy who noticed that you know you made
it free
your kind of admitting defeat there so I
took a different strategy and said this
is the quarters but I'm gonna make a
separate recourse to ask as to act as a
leader course so either course leader
course whatever so now let's come back
to mark's question about and how did
that work out for you
conversion getting people into you're
paying
yeah because no one out of a hundred
that actually convert and it seems to be
a converter ADC everywhere he started
looking for her version but you know it
doesn't sound like much but you know
we're talking about thousands and
thousands of people are so they do add
up and they tend to be preselected
people that are like my course which is
a real bonus though someone sees my pre
chorus and they take my acres those
either my papers even better and I'll be
very likely to lead to good review and
feedback which in turn leads to students
who discovered organically so you know
100 might not sound like a lot of the
knesset of an outsize impact on this and
show you and you did say that you got
thousands of students
in your free course so let's talk about
your recourse a little bit more if you
advertise your free course how you
approach things with marketing that free
Coors you have tried everything but they
tell you to do you know you do
channels and you two promotions put it
on Facebook you know from outside
websites going into it
none of that is done as far as I can
tell I mean there might be some indirect
messages by adding to the course by and
large most of my revenue contribution
organic and from the emotions that are
on using his own platform on students
but of course though I'm asking that the
free course itself not the pay course
with your free course I did you just
like one strategy that that I talked
about before with Mark Timberlake is the
idea that would you launch of course is
that just put it on you to me they don't
actually advertising outside it was
actually coming to YouTube looking for
that he noticed a freak or so with your
free courses that you've done her or did
you actually gone out and they tried to
let people know that you got this
recourse
really put a lot of outside marketing
effort under the three course I did good
on you like a lot of people and I'll
slow without some SEO and externally to
make sure people good description given
up on a lobbyist external marketing
initiatives out part of effort into the
pre-chorus sure in a lake that's
probably good recourse to its own work
within you know me so I want to ask the
students who are enrolled in one of the
things that will typically hear about in
the studio when people give away all
these free coupons to appease course
they say I'm not getting any reviews in
the course
disappointing how is the engagement out
with your recourse right now
overall it's good I mean you know I get
like you know the day and wow you know I
haven't actually look at the actual
percentages I'm sure there's a lot of
people that are gauging but it's really
isn't hurting the score standpoint or in
terms of conversion to minor courses so
I'm pretty happy with it so that's what
recourse if you got two more big 3 vs to
right now working on my third ok so you
had one page 13 and then you did it to
another page of what was the next course
is very very much relevant courses
courses about taming big data with
MapReduce interview and the second
course they did with Petie spark
basically two different technologies for
solving the same sorts of problems that
despite being newer one in and were you
able to successfully promote from your
students that were in the I was like me
but I mean disproportionate improvement
by if you do have that audience the
people that are like you the first month
that I launched my actions only about
30% of those sales people that I markets
you earlier it's been a very effective
means of promoting